---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---
## Bijli Work
### Customer Facing App Issues → Karma Prints
- Login page → Popup keyboard issue
	- Asks to login everytime.
- Everytime the page for categories is loaded → gives the error "Something wrong happened, please reload the page"
- Some pages are not functional
	- Contact us
	- About us 
- The icons for about us & contact us seems to be opposite

### Learning about agile, scrum & it's ceremonies
[[Agile]]

The key difference between Agile and Scrum is that **Agile is a philosophy about how to successfully deliver software to a customer, while Scrum is a proven methodology for software development teams to follow**.
### Scrum
- Scrum is an Agile methodology that is designed to develop products in an environment susceptible to change. 
- In Scrum, delivery cycles are called “sprints,” and generally last one to four weeks. 
- Work is incremental and builds on previous work. 
- Scrum teams are usually small, typically ranging from three to nine people, & include a Scrum master & a product owner. 
- Communication with team members and stakeholders is consistent so that feedback is constant and changes can be made accordingly.

In a nutshell, Scrum requires a Scrum Master to foster an environment where:

1.  A Product Owner orders the work for a complex problem into a Product Backlog.
2.  The Scrum Team turns a selection of the work into an Increment of value during a Sprint.
3.  The Scrum Team and its stakeholders inspect the results and adjust for the next Sprint.
4.  _Repeat_

Scrum is built upon by the collective intelligence of the people using it. Rather than provide people with detailed instructions, the rules of Scrum guide their relationships and interactions.


### Scrum Theory
- Scrum is founded on empiricism and lean thinking. 
	- Empiricism asserts that knowledge comes from experience and making decisions based on what is observed. 
	- Lean thinking reduces waste and focuses on the essentials.

- Scrum employs an iterative, incremental approach to optimize predictability and to control risk. 
- Scrum engages groups of people who collectively have all the skills and expertise to do the work and share or acquire such skills as needed.

### The 3 Pillars of Scrum
-   **Transparency:** All players involved have complete access to information, including progress and goals.
-   **Adaptation:** The project and work can change to mirror new priorities.
-   **Inspection:** The team strives to continuously improve the product and the process.


#### Transparency
- The emergent process and work must be visible to those performing the work as well as those receiving the work.
- Transparency enables Inspection. Inspection without transparency is misleading & wasteful.