---
aliases:
tags:
WinTheDay: 
---

---
## Sleepy afternoon
- Came home after brunch at Ram babu ke paranthe with Mama, Mami & Neelu D.
	- It was very oily & not at all tasty, but had a nice outing with some new people & that is something I wanted to do for a long time.
- It is raining here since midnight & so it is quite cold, I didn’t write my win the day task today, which I am not doing for a long time, but  something changed yesterday.
	- I had a nice conversation with Mama yesterday about win the day task, accountability & other methods & he seemed impressed, so I naturally have to be good at what I recommend to others.
	- So, starting today I will be more consistent with my tasks & journaling.
	- I also talked with him about eisenhower matrix & he asks me how to do things, which feels weird but nice at the same time.
	- He is not happy with his job & he wants to change it but it will then affect the green card process, so now he has to make a decision to either suffer in this job for about 1 more year or shift his job & suffer in his green card process.
- I want to write more but I seriously need to go to washroom so tata.
## Post sleep evening
- I was really sleepy, so I slept at around 13:00 or maybe 14:00 while watching a boring prime time on PM's security lapse
- The interesting part was the dream:
	1. Everyone was going to a new year party and moma brought me a colorful jacket as opposed to my regular clothes & I wore them, it was horrible. 
		- I actually woke up after this & then slept again
	2. This time I am again going to the same thing but now I remember that I had this dream & it was horrible, so I refused to go & it led to an awkward state.
## Consolidate
- Todoist sent me this [year in review 2021](https://todoist.com/review/2021/eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ1aWQiOjEwMTg4OTk0LCJ5ZWFyIjoyMDIxLCJqdGkiOiJSZmRTTlVabCJ9.rdeWub9H9rfzrePFLRFz1-HLeRaNZU4stVITVkhIO-c?section=conclusion)
### Consume
- I asked Mama & Mami to point me in the directions of basic of programming & so I am saving these things for reference
	- [Book recommended by Mami](https://selahattinalan.com/dersler/pl/Concepts%20of%20Programming%20Languages%20-%20Sebesta%20-%20E12.pdf)
	- I should start with "programming language concepts"
	  
