---
aliases:
tags: [journal/bad]
WinTheDay: If I could check off all the procrastinated tasks
---

---
### Morning Mindset

- **Feeling**… I woke up very late at afternoon I missed breakfast which was sandwiches and I am also very late on my targets which I have re-scheduled for the nth time
	- 😫 Bad

> Excited to share the shortcut with Mama but I did that earlier today after I woke up because I’m doing this after lunch 
> I showed to him just after I woke up and it was nice.

> *One phrase to rule them all*: I want to be responsible 

- Might trip me out: This situation right now where I am still doing my morning journal at around 14:00 in the afternoon is tripping me out and I do not like it
	-  Deal by: I will quickly finish what I am supposed to do and then take a bath and better get back on the wagon wheel do some work
- I can show my gratitude to Mami
- Eagle's eye view: Mama appreciated me yesterday along with Mami and it was a big thing for me I should keep that in mind while doing anything

> **Boldly Go! Howard Wolowitz**: Complete general pharmacology

- *Win the day*: If I could check off all the procrastinated tasks


---

## Day in Review

- **Felt**: I wasted the whole day considering Shortcuts and then I took a walk in the night while talking to Papa it was very cold and now I feel sick I haven’t done anything today now I am getting behind on my targets again
	- 😫 Bad
- Connected With: Had a wonderful talk with Moma about the prospect of me staying in Gurgaon and it was something that I never thought and this is the first time that I am thinking about living anywhere apart from Sikar.

He made me actively think about the future after I get selected and to radiology.
The issue at hand was that he was looking for a bigger apartment. The current one is 3BHK and it is not enough when they have people over.

- Mama is even thinking to buy a 3 floor house & that each floor will be old by Kapil mama Vaibhav mama and my papa. 
- Consumed: Binge watch a lot of big bang theory some prime time but nothing very productive
- Cerebrated: I had a nice thought about the living situation and the prospects of me living in gurgaon.
- Need to think more on this #status/💭think
- **Did well**: Had a nice conversation with Mama
- Could be better: I could have studied better in fact I could have studied at all and could have made use of the newfound momentum


```tagcloud
source: file
```
