---
aliases:  
tags:
cssclass:
---
---
## Recap
- I have not journaled for the longest time I can remember, not good at all.
- I will give the quick updates:
	1. Psychology sessions are a pain in my ass now, she is not communicating at all & postponing things, as a result, I have messaged her about not continuing with her
		- [ ] Attach screenshots
	2. Nightmares are back, but this time, it is a mix of her & Mama. The part about Mama is more dominating & I am really starting to hate him now.
	3. I am releasing Nihit 3.0
		- That was started by Mami but now that I think about it, it makes so much sense.
		- Nihit 2.0 was in 2017 when my senses grew for the first time & I changed from a right wing bigot & ignorant teen to a curious & more sensible citizen.
		- Nihit 3.0 is me rebooting to wash away the bugs either inherent in me or that came in as a virus in the events of the past 2 years.
		- I am beta testing it internally & will eventually have a public release
	4. I am back to wanting to study & almost being clear in my head that this is the only way out for me.
	5. Aanya is much bonded with me now & I am seeing better results since the time I became more **fun** to her
	6. I am for some reason hooked to simcity 2013
	7. Started going to the gym, today was the first day
	8. Will be giving an Amazing Marvin tour today to Ram & Nadine.
	9. Also, I drive now.
### Connect 
### Consume
### Cerebrate
### Note to next day’s self
> Dear [[Tuesday]] Nihit,
> Acknowledge the weirdness of the first few times (optional).
> List 2 or 3 things I did well today. Own today’s victories (keep this short).
> Acknowledge where you blew it today. Quickly, efficiently, and without judgment. Own it.
> Write a line or a paragraph that will encourage my tomorrow self (the way I would encourage a close friend)
> 
> A warm salutation,
> Nihit 
--- 


## Day Planner
### Morning Routine
- [ ] 
- [ ] BREAK
  

### Focus 1
- [ ] 
- [ ] BREAK


### Focus 2
- [ ] 
- [ ] BREAK


### Evening Routine
- [ ] 
- [ ] BREAK


### Focus 3
- [ ] 
- [ ] BREAK


### Night Routine
- [ ] 
- [ ] BREAK
- [ ] 
- [ ] 23:00 END




## Daily Activity 
###### Achieve a healthy MVP state of mental health
Win_The_Day:: 
Sleep_hours::
Intentionality:: 
daily_effectiveness::

###### Achieve a body weight of 80 Kg & a very fit body
Weight:: 
Calories:: 

###### Activity Grading
| Activity | Time Given | Fun | Satisfaction |
| -------- | ---------- | --- | ------------ |
|  |            |     |              |

###### Notes Created Today
###### Notes Modified Today 