---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---

### Good Morning
Didn't sleep, initially was watching the brilliant show "Bodyguard" on Netflix & then nose started giving troubles, I have this thorn like feeling in my nose. It was & is genuinely irritating.
- Now, to get some attention about it, I called Mom. I know why I do this, it's my way of telling them, that I am not well & this is also that you should include when you think about my failures.
- The call went in a direction that I should have anticipated but didn't, she asked me to call Daddy & also to ask for a homeopathic medicine which they believe will cure my allergies but were too scared to tell about it to me.
    - I called dad & softly ridiculed it but it had no effect, also turns out that I should not eat garlic & onion for 1 month now. Not only that, it is also accompanied by emotional manipulation of "itna toh kehna maan liya kar maa baap ka"
    - Mami just came by & told me that I should not eat onion & garlic as told by Mom
- Working with obsidian sync should be something fun, I know that there will be hurdles & blocks but I am excited to have it finally.
- I can be cautious about
    - The homeopathy thing is troubling me now, I plan on researching the heck out of it & then I will evaluate.



### Connect
- 00:13 → Was talking to anne for the past 90 minutes about random stuff, she is extra cranky today, but not in the usual sense, if she is cranky, she will tell you about it.
    - Today, I had to extract it out of her & then she was resisting talking about it, instead said, "since you are not able to help yourself, you are trying to get me to work"
    - Right now, she is cleaning the kitchen & as part of the deal, I am journaling.
        - This is one of the best co-working techniques we came up with, technically she came up with it & I really don't want a timeout so, here I am.
    - Her thought was, that since Rich does 9/10th of the work, she gets to sit around computer & talk to her friends.
        - I disagree with this, but I was unable to come up with a way to convince her or make her feel better about that, that frustration was visible on my face.
        - I was trying to get her motivated to do stuff, so that she feels good about herself & then with that elevated mood, get back to reading & writing.

### Consume
- 06:56 → Currently watching a TED Talk by James Randi on Homeopathy, Quackery & Fraud.
	- We make assumptions based on past experiences 
	- If someone were to appear on this stage in front of me and actually claim to be an ancient prince of Denmark named Hamlet, you would be insulted and rightly so. Why would a man assume that you would believe something bizarre like this? But there exists out there a very large population of people who will tell you that they have psychic, magical powers that they can predict the future, that they can make contact with the deceased. Oh, they also say they will sell you astrology or other fortunetelling methods.
	- Cold Reading
	- James Randi Educational Foundation
	- What is Homeopathy?
		- It's taking a medicine that really works and diluting it down well beyond Avogadro's limit. Diluting it down to the point where there's none of it left. 
			- It's exactly equivalent to taking one 325 milligram aspirin tablet, throwing it into the middle of Lake Tahoe, and then stirring it up, obviously with a very big stick, and waiting two years or so until the solution is homogeneous. Then, when you get a headache, you take a sip of this water, and -- voila! -- it is gone.
	- The rotting of the human mind, something should be done about that
		- Education
		- Media
			- Because it pleases the sponsors
