---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---
### Git Commands
- git config
	- `git config --global user.name "Nihit Khandelwal"`
	- `git config --global user.email "nihitkhandelwal1998@gmail.com"`
	- `git config --list`
- `git <verb> --help`
	- Takes you to the manual page


### UX Session 2 → Research
- Keep user at the center
- Sympathy vs Empathy
	- Sympathy is I know how you feel 
	- Empathy is I feel how you feel
		- Avoiding errors before users can make them is an empathetic element.
- Target Demographics
	1. Age
	2. Location
	3. Occupation
	- Find people & bla bla
		- Try to get people who you don't know.
		- Specify agenda, time & purpose → in general.
	- Find extreme users → the idea being, that they are able to voice out problems faced by most users as they use the product more.
- Prepare questionaire in advance not in real time
- **Extract user stories**, experiences & insights about user's behavior, goals, pain points around the problem you are trying to solve.

#### Interviews
- The 3 key Indicators
	1. Goals describes what the users want to accomplish by using your product. Example To lose 10 kgs.
	2. Motivation is why they want to accomplish it. Example - losing weight to stay healthy and fit.
	3. Pain points are the frustrations of the users. What are they struggling with? Example - Exercising daily is difficult because of busy schedule.
- Talk and inquire about user's life instead of validating your idea.
- Don't tell them what their problem is and don't ask for their solutions.
- Talk less and listen more.
- There are no right or wrong answers.
- Note down the metadata about the interview i.e. Date, time & location of interview