---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---

### Anne's Notes For Me After Dr Marvin's Meeting
Nihit … this is what we were able to write from Dr. Marvin and our conversation.
- Ideas for questions:
	- Writing - what are some cues to start, or give us ideas of what’s important to ourselves or others about reading Multiplicity, trauma, and getting better?
	- How is each day of new Nihit/Ann conversation being a gift?
	- Do we have any riveting goals today?
	- What could I commit to toward exercising today?
	- Which food labels do we need to add to our journal today?
		- What have we done (and can do) to balance our activities (assure household, piano, and quilting are included as well)?

- I teased you in front of Dr. Marvin calling you my life coach complete with personal problems Hehe
	- No, I HAD TO! And YES, we had to discuss cleavage!
- Dr. Marvin said directly that Nihit did GREAT helping to support us, but that he had trouble for himself. It’s common to want to help others but shouldn’t be a distraction toward self-care.
	- He also said that we should talk between us (Nihit and Annes) about what we could accomplish by both talking together with Dr. Marvin.
	- Then he said we did a good job helping each other, and that we all worked together and rallied!

### Anne's custom prompts
- Custom health check maybe weekly
	- She has been feeling tightness in chest & didn't notice 
- What would I talk to Dr Marvin if I could talk to him right now


###  Talk with Anne about my rants

- My way of saying that tread cautiously, comparing to gunslingers
	- This is what I say when I am angry with the kids or to anyone in general
- What little thing we learnt, it's a growth
- Ask people if they want to hear my story or my guilt
- How do I address these things (chulbul) if they come later
