---
aliases: null
tags: feelings/bad,
---

---
- Traveling to jaipur to watch [[🎬 Spider-Man No Way Home]].
	- I had planned it earlier in the morning today but then Moma & Papa had a plan to go themselves as well, since from tomorrow onwards, Moma’s dance group sessions will be on.
	- They will be dropping me at WTP & then do their work, I have my show at 18:30, it is now 15:10, so I will probably eat something or work on my ipad or read on kindle.
	- It is nice to write something like talking out loud without having something in my ears constantly.
- They dropped me off at WTP, I had some food, namely Momos & a Cheese-Burger
- [I] Option back arrow is conflicting with going back to some other journal note in ipad.
- Post interval of the movie & Aunt May is dead!!
	- I don’t like that, the first half of the movie doesn’t make much sense to me.
	- Pitch meeting & [[Ryan George]] is going to have a field day with the concept of the movie. 
	- Peter Parker basically invites all the obviously evil characters to “help” them & to save them from dying! I mean what the hell is that about!
- Other than that, I am now truly feeling what it is like to be without her, people are going crazy on holding hands, sitting in couples & I just miss her & the fun part of that relationship. I really do.
- **I am doing this in the middle of the hall**, oh I forgot to explain why I am doing this in the middle of the movie.
	- So, post interval the 3D part of the movie was misbehaving, so I think that the movie guys are fixing that, but the guy sitting next to me says that we will take them to consumer court & get a refund, so it is possible that I might not see the complete movie.
	- Update on this, few kids infront of me just said that “5 min mein movie shuru”
	- Update on that (19-Dec-21 | 03:14), it was a minor hiccup but they gave a voucher as a ticket, so might wanna save it for another Marvel movie.

- Also I am thinking of dissolving these sections with the C thing in my journal
	- 19-Dec-21 | 03:13 - Nah! Will keep them for now.
---  
  
