---
aliases: 
tags: feelings/bad 
---

---
## Consolidate
- Had a really bad day & on top of that, my laptop is misbehaving & it is a headache. ^92df1c
- I am now going to try & get things to work by stopping some applications.
	- Rainmeter is not the one creating issues
	- So even after a restart, it is pathetically slow & I am angry
	- I need a new machine!
- Now that it is so that plugins are turned off, obsidian is back on speed again, so I have narrowed it down to plugins & now I will enable the important plugins & then see.
	- Important plugins have been loaded & it is slow again, I have not enabled any of the newly installed plugins but it seems that I need to disable a bunch more.
	- Plugins with name before M are disabled & the performance improves again!
	- Time to go back to do it again, yes the performace is consistently better.
	- I feel that linter is the culprit but so far, even with linter on, it is fast or shall I say "not slow"
	- Next suspicion is on highlightr but it is not the culprit, I can safely say that now.
	- Ghost fade focus & Get info were also on my radar but not anymore, they are not the issue.
	- The file tree alternative was also misbehaving but again, not the culprit.
	- It is safe to say that the issue is within the c block
		- Just to make sure, no I failed, the issue is with something else, or maybe not, oh wait, I found the issue, it is either with checklist & or with collapse all
		- Was I wrong, tell me arnim zola hahahahahahaahaha I am a genius
		- Checking with checklists & I am facing issues
		- Checking with collapse all & I am not facing any issues
		- reinstalled checklist & now I don't have any issues, this is very wierd, I almost cried with my laptop not being mine anymore & coming face to face with the reality where I don't have a laptop or a computer
- The slow issue has been resolved & It has made me realize how much I love my machine & it is so important to me that I have my machine with me. #feelings/gratitude
---  
  
