---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---
### Day In Review
It's going good actually
- I haven't eaten much and I've had a good conversation with Conrad about me for fun we all gave very good suggestions and Conrad implemented them pretty quickly, Om & Aanya also there and yeah we had a good time meetings.
- Also Vihaan is having trouble with kids & I am so happy, that I cannot put it in words.
- Didn't plan it.
- Work on the workshop for 4 hours.


### Connect
- 14:18 → Had a nice meeting with Conrad.
- Vitty shared the issues with Om & we talked about transactional analysis & introducing range to kids, instead of saying BORING!!!!!!!
- Om said that Vihaan is not so smart, since he studies with the help of his Mom. So, vitty is having image issues.
    - Again, I cannot emphasize my happiness right now.


### Meeting With Conrad
1.  World Boss Clean-up
    1.  World Bosses (projects)
        1.  Description
        2.  Upstream (Goals / KR)
        3.  Downstream (To-Do items)
    2.  Mercenary Quests (to-do items)
    3.  Recent Wins (recent completions)
    4.  FAQ (frequently asked questions)
2.  Integrating Make Work Fun dev board with world boss


#### Notes From Nihit

-   Dailies
    -   [x] Improve the star thing
    -   Increased difficulty per daily quests i.e. in counter type quests
    -   More statistics to dailies → [Feature Board Page](https://www.notion.so/Daily-Quest-Statistics-b07764a9727144c0bdbc810af72b77ef)
        -   I have added the specific statistics that I think might be helpful.

-   Badges/Achievements
    -   Draw out a diagram for badges/achievements
    -   Badge/achievement of choice to be displayed like the title

-   Maintenance
    -   Write down the details in make work fun tracker
    -   [x] Embed link bug
    -   App crashes on not so powerful computers
        -   It slows down the entire thing & takes a heavy toll on the machine
        -   This is a pain point for me, the kids & I think Anne as well.

-   Improvement/Suggestions Portal
    -   Chillipepper form for strangers
    -   Make work fun tracker for veterans
    -   World boss for anyone who wants to help with the project
    -   Make these links available in www.makework.fun

-   Miscellaneous Suggestions
    -   Failure recovery
        -   Monthly leaderboard
            -   3 months is a long time, it’s good to have a season of 3 months but it would be helpful if there are additional time ranges
            -   Resetting the leaderboard every month will give players a good redeem-able shot at victory.
            -   We can add it as a 4th tab.
                -   This Week → This Month → Season → All Time
        -   Weekly leaderboard right now is a rolling type, thoughts on resetting it every week


