---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---
### Day In Review
It's going reasonably good so far, I have concluded Unit 1 of Pathoma, played with Aanya, Ate Kadhai Paneer, so yes, it is going good!
- 16:45 → It's almost 17:00 now, I have 4 hours before the Workshop call, so let's make most of it.
- Studied for 3 hours till now, can easily do it before the workshop begins & even after that I will have time.
### Morning Pages
We are recording this video, so please watch it by going to today's folder in journal directory.
Meethu Bhavra is eating cherries, has very cold water in his room & sharing it. He gets lots of sneezes.
### Good Morning
Slept at 1:45 while listening to [[Mehengai Dayan Khaye Jaat Hai]] & then Vihaan woke me up at 08:00, but Aanya did not want to wake me up, so yeahhhh!
Had my back aching, so I asked baby aanya to stand on my back, then aanya bought her baby monkey soap, to show me & then rubbed it on me, while I was still on my gadda.
- Very excited about the welcome call with the LYT Team at 21:30.
- One phrase to rule them all → Never-Give-Up
- I can be cautious about
    - I am really really worried about baby georgie coming in my room all day & sitting in my lap, then asking for baby horsey, then playing with me, it will be all fun but I also want to study & baby chotu has nothing to do today.
- I would set an alarm, so that me & baby georgie will only play at break time, it will be in 50 minutes & then 10 minute break.
- Eagle's eye view → Get on with it & don't procrastinate
- Daring Task → Study for 6 hours

### Connect
- 16:46 → Had wonderful conversations with Aanya & Vihaan today.
    - Taught a new song to her, "Chanda ne poocha taron se, taron ne poocha sitaron se, sabse pyaara kaun hai........ Papphaaa! Mere Papphhaaaaaaa
          - She loves it when I do that.
    - Had a nice conversation with Vihaan as well about how to handle kids & told him about the LYT Workshop
    - Yesterday, he told me that I am an "associate of aanya's & Mumma's", It shouldn't come off as that. So I am course correcting 
- [[Vihaan]]'s Wishlist #placeholder/gift-ideas 
	- [A book](https://www.google.com/search?q=cat%20kidcomic%20club%20%233)
	- 
### Consume
- 16:49 → Did not consume anything today, listened to "Mehengai Dayan Khaaye Jaat Hai", a couple of times & then browsed facebook where I saw a couple of UNLAD's videos & also the "Dharmendra-Sunny" act by the brilliant Kiku Sharda & Krushna, I have to admit that, as cringy as it may be, at-least some of the people from that show are hilarious.


