---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---

### The great loan sanctioning 
- I completed my internship in March 2021, upto that point, I was covered by my parents, which is a normal thing in India & it is absolutely perfect.
- After that, it's now 1.2 year now & I will be needing their financial support for at-least 2 more years, so 3.2 years. Let's round that off to 3.5 years
- Let's assume that the cost of me is 20000 ₹/month which gives us 240000 bucks. So for 3.5 years, 8.4 Lacs, lets round that off to 10 lacs i.e. 1 million ₹ i.e. 13000 $
- The USMLE Journey will cost me 25000 $ (including flight tickets, Visa, Stay in the US). 
  So I need 38000 $ i.e. 30 lac ₹

Daddy & Moma will be giving me that amount as a loan over the next 1.5 years, i.e. by the end of 2023

Now the thing is that the bank needs guarantee & they say that I am a "high risk client" & also a defaulter, so they need some good evidence i.e. my project reports
### Morning Pages
- I am really good at resolving conflicts between Vihaan & Aanya, I am extremely awesome when it comes to them. Really proud of that.
- I think I can bring substantial change in their life.
- I am telling everyone I meet about the USMLE, it's not about not able to keep my things private, I am being honest, I told everyone about my depression things as well, I do it about everything. 
    - On the plus side, this is like public acountabiliity for me now.
- We will be going to Mamagoto today for dinner & I am so excited about it, I really cannot express it in words, but that is a reflection on my writing abilities than on my thinking. Maybe more of my thinking ability as well. 

### Good Morning
Slept late at 04:00 while listening to [[Sochta Hoon Ke Woh Kitne Masoom The]], onset was much quicker than usual, I don't remember any nightmares & I told Mami to let the kids wake me up at 08:00 & they did at 07:30, it was lovely, I played with both of them & had a fun half hour play time.
Planning & sorting out things so that I can have some sense of mental clarity.
One phrase to rule them all → Happy
Eagle's eye view → We had a good one day study period, let's not break that up again, hop on the productive train!
I can study for 4 hours today, that would be kinda bold

### Note to next day’s self

--- 


