---
aliases:
tags:
---

---
### Therapy Session #1 
- I had my first session with Dr Aastha Dhingra yesterday & it went well
- I had my phone at 6% battery, so I don't have the conversation here but I can recall the important bits
- She said the while undergoing therapy, the patient may go into severe depression because of the realization that he/she spent or wasted so much time about a thing which most often turns out to be quite small.
- I am supposed to write all the activities that I do in detail by [[Dr Aastha Dhingra]] & so I will be doing that.  ^qus2g2
	- At the moment, this schedule has not been followed for long as I was moving a lot & the intake of Mirtazapine is a new addition
		1. Wake up at around 08:00 - 09:00
		2. Brush & freshen up
		3. Journal (on iPad)
		4. Breakfast at around 09:00 - 10:00
		5. Open up Laptop & reply to any messages on guilded & check with the community
		6. Doing miscellaneous activities on Laptop (Obsidian, Notion, some tech stuff)
		7. Lunch at around 12:00 - 13:00
		8. Play with the kids for about 15 minutes
		9. Reading / Sensemaking Session → about 60 minutes
		10. Workout → Strength & Cardio (on alternate days) for about 90 minutes
		11. Dinner at around 06:30 - 8:30 (Take Mirtazapine)
		12. Walk outside while talking on the phone or with Mama or Mami 
		13. Talk to Annemarie or someone in the community, while doing something on laptop (21:00)
		14. Journal
		15. On bed at around 21:30 - 23:00 (sleep while listening to music)
- The next thing I am supposed to do is to make a list of 14 of my interests & 7 of my hobbies ^kfdk0v
	- The first thing I'll be doing here is finding out the differences between a Hobby & an Interest 
	- [[Differences Between Hobbies and Interests]]

[[My Hobbies]]
[[My Interests]]



