---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---
### Day In Review
- I slept at 5, after Nannu reached his room.
    - He is going through a potential breakup, she called him to Jaipur to ask for a break, which essentially menas a breakup. 
- Woke up at 12, Aanya was still fighing with everyone, which was most likely because things were not very good between me & her.
    - So, I sorted that out, I have been doing that for 2 hours now.

- Also, I am hooked on to [[Mere Banne Ki Baat Na Poocho]]
Let's start studying at this very moment.
Didn't plan the win the day task.
- I feel that 6 hours of study can be it for today.



--- 


### Connect
- 14:01 → Had a long conversation with Nannu at 01:00 & 04:00 about life, breakups, moving on & other things, also he told her that "iss khule jhoot ko, zehn ki loot ko main nahin maanta, main nahin jaanta" & "Kanhaiya, yaad hai kuch bhi humari" & "Aaon ga na Jaoon ga"

- 14:03 → Had a nice conversation with Aanya about apologies & came up with new ideas to calm her down when she is angry, one of which is that I made fun of the way she gets angry & she calls "zabardast" as "zabdrast"

### Consume
- 14:05 → Fareed ayaz seems extremely religious which shouldn't be a surprise but I think that I have been listening to a lot of Kabir & so I am finding this as a kind of betrayal to kabir's thought.
    - But, Mere Banne ki Baat na poocho is addicting!
    - Mera bana hariyala hai, Khusra va khooba, sarware-alam, taj-e-shafaqat wala hai.

### Cerebrate
- 14:07 → undefined
