---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---
### Day In Review
- Slept again at around 11:00 when aanya was having difficulty sleeping, but I ended up sleeping.
	- Loose motion is not good, stomach-ache is on a decent level
- 12:27 → After finishing lunch, i.e. dahi khichdi, will start something, I am not sure what.

### Good Morning
Slept good, I don’t think I had any nightmare, woke up in between & finally at 09:00 with Aanya as my pillow, played with her for about 45 minutes, then went to washroom for about 30 minutes, because of the stomach pain & loose motion.

- I can finally start my studies on my term!
- One phrase to rule them all → Decent
- I can be cautious about
    - My tendency to procrastinate is something I am growing fearful of day-by-day but I think I will beat it today.
- Eagle's eye view → I shouldn't waste any more time, things are finally going my way, I should try to keep it that way
- Studying for 6 hours is a bold task for today


--- 

### Connect
- 14:03 → Played around with aanya a lot, the same thing, but this is the first time I am documenting this, wrapping her in a blanket like candy, then starting baby A/C & then when she is not feeling sleepy initially, she starts doing some hand dance till the time she gets bored & sleeps.
- 21:18 → I helped Aanya get rid of her bug fear & lizard fear by giving her an analogy of dinosaurs

### Cerebrate
- 14:08 → I have been trying to get Mami to call me by name & "tu" "tadak", much like how godi ji talks with barack obama, but so far, not so much. 
- 21:19 → Started my onboarding with the LYT Forum!

### Consume
- 21:19 → Came across a nice telegram bot which saves subtitles for YouTube videos & also timestamps.

### Note to next day’s self
Got my CV made & sent it to Ashok Uncle for the research thing


I could have studied a bit

I am going to study for 10 hours tomorrow, I am going to absolutely kill it in the study department tomorrow
