---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---

# Cognitive Distortions

-   Abbreviated descriptions of what each of the Cognitive Distortions are, by C.E. Ackerman (2020)
    
    1.  _**All-or-Nothing Thinking**_ or Polarized Thinking
    
    Also known as “Black-and-White Thinking,” this distortion manifests as an inability or unwillingness to see shades of gray. In other words, you see things in terms of extremes – something is either fantastic or awful, you believe you are either perfect or a total failure.
    
    2.  _**Overgeneralization**_
    
    This sneaky distortion takes one instance or example and generalizes it to an overall pattern. For example, a student may receive a C on one test and conclude that she is stupid and a failure. Overgeneralizing can lead to overly **[[[negative thoughts]]](https://positivepsychology.com/positive-negative-emotions/)** about yourself and your environment based on only one or two experiences.
    
    3.  _**Focus on negative excluding positive**_ - Mental Filter
    
    Similar to overgeneralization, the mental filter distortion focuses on a single negative piece of information and excludes all the positive ones. An example of this distortion is one partner in a romantic relationship dwelling on a single negative comment made by the other partner and viewing the relationship as hopelessly lost, while ignoring the years of positive comments and experiences.
    
    4.  _**Disqualifying the positive as true**_ - Disqualifying the Positive
    
    On the flip side, the “Disqualifying the Positive” distortion acknowledges [[positive experiences but rejects]] them instead of embracing them. For example, a person who receives a positive review at work might reject the idea that they are a competent employee and attribute the positive review to political correctness, or to their boss simply not wanting to talk about their employee’s performance problems. This is an especially malignant distortion since it can facilitate the continuation of negative thought patterns even in the face of strong evidence to the contrary.
    
    5.  _**Knowing what the other person is thinking**_ - Jumping to Conclusions - Mind Reading
    
    This “Jumping to Conclusions” distortion manifests as the inaccurate belief that we [[know what another person is thinking]]. Of course, it is possible to have an idea of what other people are thinking, but this distortion refers to the [[negative interpretations]] that we jump to. Seeing a stranger with an unpleasant expression and jumping to the conclusion that they are thinking something negative about you is an example of this distortion.
    
    6.  _**Making predictions with no evidence**_ - Jumping to Conclusions - Fortune Telling
    
    A sister distortion to mind reading, fortune telling refers to the tendency to make conclusions and [[predictions based on little to no evidence]] and holding them as [[gospel truth]]. One example of fortune-telling is a young, single woman predicting that she will never find love or have a committed and happy relationship based only on the fact that she has not found it yet. There is simply no way for her to know how her life will turn out, but she sees this prediction as fact rather than one of several possible outcomes.
    
    7.  _**Magnification, Catastrophizing, or Minimization**_
    
    Also known as the “[[Binocular Trick]]” for its stealthy [[skewing of your perspective]], this distortion involves [[exaggerating or minimizing the meaning, importance, or likelihood of things]]. An athlete who is generally a good player but makes a mistake may magnify the importance of that mistake and believe that he is a terrible teammate, while an athlete who wins a coveted award in her sport may minimize the importance of the award and continue believing that she is only a mediocre player.
    
    8.  _**Emotions as facts**_ - Emotional Reasoning
    
    Emotional reasoning refers to the [[acceptance of one’s emotions as fact]]. It can be described as “**[[I feel it, therefore it must be true]]**.” Just because we feel something doesn’t mean it is true; for example, we may become jealous and think our partner has feelings for someone else, but that doesn’t make it true. Of course, we know it isn’t reasonable to take our [[feelings as fact]], but it is a common distortion nonetheless. This may be one of the most surprising distortions to many readers, and it is also one of the most important to identify and address. The logic behind this distortion is not surprising to most people; rather, it is the realization that virtually all of us have bought into this distortion at one time or another. - Relevant: **[What is [[Emotional Intelligence]]? + 18 Ways to Improve Emotional Intelligence](https://positivepsychology.com/emotional-intelligence-eq/)**
    
    9.  _**What should or ought to do**_ - Should Statements
    
    Another particularly damaging distortion is the tendency to make “should” statements. Should statements are statements that you make to yourself about [[what you “should” do]], [[what you “ought” to do]], or [[what you “must” do]]. They can also be applied to others, imposing a set of [[expectations that will likely not be met]]. When we hang on too tightly to our “should” statements about ourselves, the result is often [[guilt that we cannot live up to]] them. When we cling to our [[“should” statements about others]], we are generally [[disappointed by failure]] to meet our expectations, leading to [[anger and [[resentment]]]].
    
    10.  _**Extreme labels on self and others**_ - Labeling and Mislabeling
    
    These tendencies are basically [[extreme forms of [[overgeneralization]]]], in which we assign [[judgments]] of value to ourselves or to others based on one instance or experience. For example, a student who labels herself as “an utter fool” for failing an assignment is engaging in this distortion, as is the waiter who labels a customer “a grumpy old miser” if he fails to thank the waiter for bringing his food. Mislabeling refers to the application of[[ highly emotional, loaded, and inaccurate language]] or [[unreasonable language when [[labeling]]]].
    
    11.  _Personalization_
    
    As the name implies, this distortion involves [[taking everything personally]] or [[assigning blame to yourself [[without any logical reason to believe you are to blame]]]]. This distortion covers a wide range of situations, from [[assuming you are the reason]] a friend did not enjoy the girls’ night out, to the more severe examples of [[believing that you are the cause]] for every instance of moodiness or irritation in those around you. In addition to these basic cognitive distortions, Beck and Burns have mentioned a few others (Beck, 1976; Burns, 1980):
    
    12.  _**We have all or none as to self & other-control**_ - Control Fallacies
    
    A control fallacy manifests as one of two beliefs: (1) that [[we have no control over our lives and [[are helpless victims of fate]]]], or (2) that [[we are in complete control of ourselves and our surroundings, [[giving us responsibility for the feelings of those around us]]]]. Both beliefs are damaging, and both are equally inaccurate. [[No one is in complete control of what happens to them, and [[no one has absolutely no control over their situation]]]]. Even in extreme situations where an individual seemingly has [[no choice in what they do or where they go, they [[still have a certain amount of control over how they approach their situation mentally]]]].
    
    13.  _False reality that all is fair_ - Fallacy of Fairness
    
    While we would all probably prefer to operate in [[a world that is fair, the [[assumption of an inherently fair world [[is not based in reality and can [[foster negative feelings when we are faced with [[proof of life’s unfairness]]]]]]]]]. A person who [[judges every experience by its [[perceived fairness has fallen for this fallacy, and will [[likely feel anger, resentment, and hopelessness when they inevitably [[encounter a situation that is not fair]]]]]]]].
    
    14.  _**We can will/expect others to change**_ - Fallacy of Change
    
    Another ‘fallacy’ distortion involves [[expecting others to change if we [[pressure or encourage them enough]]]]. This distortion is usually accompanied by a belief that [[our happiness and success rests on other people, leading us to believe that [[forcing those around us to change is the only way to [[get what we want]]]]]]. A man who thinks “If I just encourage my wife to stop doing the things that irritate me, I can be a better husband and a happier person” is exhibiting the fallacy of change.
    
    15.  _**We must always be right**_ - Always being Right
    
    [[Perfectionists]] and those struggling with [[Imposter Syndrome]] will recognize this distortion – it is the belief that [[we must always be right]]. For those struggling with this distortion, [[The idea that we could be wrong is absolutely unacceptable, and [[we will fight to the metaphorical death to prove that we are right.]]]] For example, the internet commenters who spend hours arguing with each other over an opinion or political issue far beyond the point where reasonable individuals would conclude that they should[[“agree to disagree” are engaging in the [[“Always Being Right”]]]] distortion. To them, [[it is not simply a matter of a difference of opinion, [[it is an intellectual battle that must be won at all costs.]]]]
    
    16.  _**Struggling/suffering will lead to reward**_ - Heaven's Reward Fallacy
    
    This distortion is a popular one, and it’s easy to see myriad examples of this fallacy playing out on big and small screens across the world. The “Heaven’s Reward Fallacy” manifests as [[a belief that one’s [[struggles, one’s [[suffering, and one’s [[hard work will result in a [[just reward]]]]]]]]]] It is obvious why this type of thinking is a distortion – how many examples can you think of, just within the realm of your personal acquaintances, [[where hard work and sacrifice did not pay off?]] [[Sometimes no matter how hard we work or [[how much we sacrifice, [[we will not achieve what we hope to achieve]]]]]]. To think otherwise is a [[potentially damaging pattern of thought that can [[result in disappointment, frustration, anger, and even depression [[when the awaited reward does not materialize.]]]]]]