---
aliases:  
tags:
highlight:  
cssclass:
---

### Good Morning
Slept good, the onset was super quick, woke up at 9:10, which is okay, given that I slept at 1:45.
Vihaan came to wake me up because there was no pillow on the chair (which is the signal), but I lied that I placed the pillow there. I confessed eventually, so not a big deal.
- Eagle's eye view → Be productive for today
- Daring Task → Study for 6 hours

Wrote 1200 words on the [[USMLE Process]]
### Notes
#### Some notes about Apple Notes
- Folders & Sub Folders
- Can store them in icloud or google drive
- I am not interested in formatting so, that's useless
- Smart folders are created based on tags the note has
- Simply create a note just by calling siri
- Scanner inside apple notes is very powerful almost as powerful as adobe scan, in some areas, better!

##### Quick Notes
- Invoking
	- Swipe up from the bottom right corner → finger or pencil
	- Globe+Q 


### Connect
- 22:00 → I stopped responding to Mami if she calls me "Aap" "Bhaiya" etc.
    - To my surprise, this is working.
- 22:02 → Also went for ice-cream with Mami & Mama. Initially it was me & Mami's idea to go but she asked me to ask him as well, I did, he said yes, but I think that he had no idea that Mami was also going, so the moment I said, "chalo mami", his face went in a mode which I can only describe as punch-worthy.
    - She was wearing her night dress, so she said, if we are going to eat from a vendor & she won't have to step outside, she won't change, else she will.
        - A perfectly reasonable point to a sane mind.
    - When we reached at the ice-cream store, it was not the Gianni's from Saphire but near "Shri Ram Dhaba", she stepped out of the car & he lost it for some fucked up reason.
        - He started yelling, "tu toh keh rhi thi ki neeche nahi utregi, ab kyun utar rhi hai" & other bullshit which I couldn't listen to, she then went back inside & obviously would have felt humiliated.
        - I wanted to really put him away at that point, just a few words & he would have never said a word to anyone ever, but what can you do.   

### Consume
- 22:06 → I don't feel like writing anything here at this moment, because I think he said something to her & now she is crying while saying "you are the worst ever".
    - I want them to get a divorce & then live with my Mami & the kids.
    - The worst person ever I have seen, at-least in my family

### Cerebrate
- 22:09 → That he is the worst ever!

### Note to next day’s self
> [!tip] Reminder
> Dear [[10-Jun-22|Friday]] Nihit,
> I studied for some actual time today. Also started reading First Aid for the first time.

> Could have studied more sincerely & not given up after watching just the 2nd lecture.

> Study for actual 10 hour period. It's a good start that you did but we clearly can do much much more.



> A warm salutaion, 
> Adjective for today Nihit!